---
layout: post
title: "The_First_Time_I_Saw_A_Zombie"
date: "2018-10-18 00:44:16 -0400"
---

The first time I saw a Zombie? I clearly remember the first time I came face to face with a Zombie. My boy Hunter and I were outside of the city zone. We were outside for nothing else than to clear the head and be away from everyone. We would often sneak out and go to where the supply trains dock and watch the valley beyond the city. The supply trains are huge and come once a week. On all other days the area is as quite as the desert. In the distance you could see the mono rail for the supply trains go between the mountains. We would often sneak out at dawn and sleep out, just to wake up and see the sun come up and light up the valley. Then we would sneak back in, so we could be in our beds during checkout. Where was I? Zombie right. So Hunter and I were outside, hanging around are normal spot about to go to bed for the night. As we reach to shut off the lights, we hear a faintly "gggrrrrrr" from an unknown direction. Hunter and I lock eyes. The sheer terror in his eyes told me all I need to know. Either one of us has actually faced a Zombie. Sure, we both claimed we did to the other kids. Everyone claimed they have seen one. In reality, only Dom saw one.  He ended up having to smash a Zombie's head in after the Zombie ate his mother. Terrible, terrible story. At any rate. Hunter and I start waving to each other and try to communicate without using any vocals. Turns out neither one of us is good at sign language. The "gggrrrrrr" sound grew stronger and we could hear dragging feet as the Zombie walked awkwardly, breaking twigs and dried leaves that were on his way. I broke the silence and quietly told Hunter __"Zombie. Got to run. NOW."__. He didn't say anything, he just nodded in approval. We turned around to find out that the Zombie was almost on top of us. Since we didn't shut the light off, the entire dome around us was lit by out sphere-lamp. We both gasped as we saw the ugly thing came through into the light. It looked much like the warning posters plastered all around the city zone edge. The ones that warns people about the terror that awaits beyond the safety and security of the city limits. It was a decayed humanoid, with much of his flesh missing. You could see through a hole the Zombie had in his chest. The thing must have been hit by a huge slug. It was gray and dirty. What am I saying? you know what they look like. We all have been through basic citizenship class. Anyways, The thing that caught me was how slow the thing moved. I could out sun this thing without even breaking a sweat. I guess it doesn't really have any reason to move fast. What is going to happen? It can't die. Not unless someone makes milkshake out of their brain. As the thing came closer, I noticed a smell like something I never smelled before. Literally death. It was gut turning. They warn us about the danger of the Z-Virus and the Zombies, but the never say anything about the smell. Not that anything would have prepared me from the stench. I had to stop myself from barfing the can of beans Hunter and I split earlier. Thankfully I was able to control my intact to puke and turn to another instinct, survival. Hunter didn't see any need to hang around much longer. He was running before I was. I caught up with Hunter and we ran back up the hill, towards the city limits. Then I realized that we left all our stuff behind. Hunter must of realized the same thing as he cam to a stop as well. __"Shit"__ he said in a very low wisher. __Our stuff?__ I responded. __"Yeah man. Everything we own is there. What are we suppose to do just leave it there?"__ Hunter exclaimed. I didn't really know what to say, but from some reason, I was compelled to state the obvious __"The Zombie has our stuff now"__. Hunter just looked at me and retorted __"I know"__, with clinched teeth. We found a spot to sit down for a bit and left each other to our thoughts. I know I was sorting things out in my head. I just almost died, or worse. What happens to us when we turn into one of _them_? No one really knows. How could you? It's not like we can speak to Zombies. After about 30 min, Hunter looked me in the eye and said __"Should we go back?"__. I thought about it for a sec, but concluded that no matter what we have to go back. If nothing else, I want my orb-light back. That thing alone is worth a small fortune. Beside, it belonged to my brother and it's the only family thing I have left. No way was I leaving that there. __"I guess. Do you think the Zombie is gone?"__. I could tell he didn't know what to say because he passed for a second to think before saying __"shmaybe?"__. 
